what's up smart smart friends I'm
Brendon Huffer welcome back to another
two minute Tuesday another part of 100
days of SEO I need a haircut so bad
let's get the clock going and let's get
into it today we are talking about
whether or not you should start a
YouTube channel in 2019 and the first
thing we have to talk about is why you
want to start a YouTube channel
my first invested is do not start a
YouTube channel if you think that that's
going to be how you make money making
money from Adsense on YouTube is not an
effective way to make a living YouTube
is a distribution network not a business
model if you think you're gonna make
money off of views and ad revenue you're
sorely mistaken number two please don't
start a YouTube channel if you think
you're gonna become a youtuber don't get
me wrong like I tried just because you
put a time-lapse in the front and some
cool montages together
you are not casein I snapped you're just
not and neither am i like this crap is
super hard there's editing there's focus
there's camera there's scripting and
recording and finding time and that
doesn't even get into the edit like this
is way harder than it looked one of the
best reasons to start a YouTube channel
this year in 2019 is because there's
something you want to see out in the
world that does not exist right now when
I was looking at YouTube instructional
videos they all felt the same they all
had the same green screen background
they were the same crap marketers and
these garbage thought leaders that have
never had any digital marketing success
outside of their digital marketing blogs
and it drove me crazy like I wanted
somebody who's actually on the ground
floor doing this work to start making
videos about SEO both Google and YouTube
so like while I think their videos suck
maybe my videos suck too maybe my son
works but I'm still gonna make them
because it's something that I want to
see exist in the world YouTube is a
great place to do it because it's so
democratic and here finally one of the
best reasons to start a YouTube channel
it's simply to find your voice Tim
Ferriss very famously started that you
know he's now world famous podcast
only a 10-episode kind of test where he
was like look worst-case scenario I find
my voice so tell me in the comments
below why do you want to start a YouTube
channel but if you're into it subscribe
to the channel for more two minute
Tuesday's where we'll talk more about
YouTube and Google SEO and how to use
those tools to build your audience I've
been Brendon Huffer don't forget to work
hard be nice people and don't get too
lost trying to create something that
mattered
[Music]